Remove 'Digital Ocean' section (#702)
getredash/website: src/pages/kb/open-source/setup.md

### <a name="other"></a> Other

> The AWS and Google Compute Engine images are created using our [Setup Script](https://github.com/getredash/setup), which is designed to run on Ubuntu 18.04 server. You can either use the script as is (if you intend to run it on Ubuntu) or use it as a blueprint to create your own setup.

Reviewer: We should probably update the Ubuntu 18.04 reference while we're updating the text in this sentence.  Maybe replace that bit with something like:

```
... which is designed to run on many modern Linux distributions.  You can either use
the script as is, or use it as a blueprint to create your own setup.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The AWS and Google Compute Engine images are created using our [Setup Script](https://github.com/getredash/setup), which is designed to run on many modern Linux distributions. You can either use the script as is, or use it as a blueprint to create your own setup.
```

That's a good point, is this what you're saying?

Reviewer: Cool, I didn't realise it was possible to add suggestions directly like that + have them incorporated into PRs.  That's useful. :smile:
